# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 28/09/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Creating topics, voting on one and discussing

## Attendees

- Yasemin Ercan
- Vikki Gill (Minutes)
- Carly Diamond
- Ciara Atkinson
- Luke Morton
- Cam Smitti
- Dan Burnley
- Alex Herbert

## Discussion of existing Items

**D&I report** - shared by Luke and Yas 
Insights to the group and exec
Overview and findings from Luke 
MT census & eNPS survey, along with CharlieHR data - given a good data set
Goal: first view of the data and some early conclusions and analysis of the data to inform any immediate actions - inspirational to all teams as well as specific investments we need to make. Provides us a baseline for data reporting and help inform our D&I section of our ESG section. 
Helps to make D&I a part of our strategy - one of our core goals and strategies as an organisation. 
This report is the first step in the direction towards this. 
Linking with UK Census data - 2021 will be released next year - includes more categories than before - more forward thinking one - how people identify etc. 
Comparing MT census data - using this to get ahead of the representative population so our teams are well represented
How representative is our leadership team? 
Gender pay gap - to get ahead of our legal obligation. 
Investigation into operational roles and billable roles - more low paid women in Ops roles. Lots of high paid men in Tech. 
Improvements to leadership and billable role diversity 
Mean 15% pay gap
Median 30% pay gap - not many men in Ops role, and lots in high engineering roles
Breaking down eNPS score (average 8/10) 40% reported 9 or 10 out of 10. Data broken down into demographics. Some groups scored less than 5 - grouped smaller groups together for anonymity or discounted altogether. Nothing lower than a 3. 
**Immediate action**: needing more diversity in leadership
Report should be wrapped up and published in the next week or so once signed off. (Outlines our priorities, suggested recommendations) 
Q: Who makes the call on which actions are prioritised? - shared out to teams, leadership priorities too. 
17% ahead in LGBTQ+ representation, UK is 6%. Black identity is not represented well in SFIA 6 or above. 
Scoring 9/10 out of 10 was good 
Perhaps linking with the Happiness Survey data. Engage with communities at MT that either scored low in the eNPS survey or didn’t answer. 
A lot of actions will sit with Talent and the People team 
Share data/report with communities to discuss internally 
Immediate actions to improve the survey questions (high number of “you’ve not provided me with the appropriate option”)


**Leavers data**
More detailed data (more granular)
Hiring software or chalet project to get basic stats out? 
How decisions of hiring team are affecting retention in short and long term 
Meeting with Yas/Michael/Libby booked in for tomorrow already
Linking data with hiring from the leavers interviews 
**Action** for Yas: Provide update from that meeting with this group 

**Mental Health Discussion**
 Wellbeing and mental health support
Use Happiness Survey data to inform this - form a plan 
Reporting back to this group end of October on some sort of plan 

**Guidance around funds for community celebrations and socials**
Open & closed community groups 
People team to help support
D&I budgets being secured for speaking events etc. 
More we need to do to support? 
How does this group meet with groups to ensure we’re supporting enough 
List of open and closed groups - key representatives to help you ‘apply’ for these groups
Luke writing up this guidance 
Link social events and days we want to celebrate/support/raising awareness with this group - people can volunteer to share info or help information on - inviting representatives from the open and closed groups/communities to this D&I meeting so they have the option to help us plan events/info sharing etc. 
**Action**: go through the calendar and rule out any days that we’re ‘not interested’ in
Plan a month in advance for the next month 
**Action**: Ciara adding October’s inclusion events to the D&I slack channel. Trello perhaps for November. 

**ACTION FOR ALL - Read D&I report and provide any feedback**
