# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 01/00/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Creating topics, voting on one and discussing

## Attendees

Alex forgot to record this like a silly person. This is who I can remember

- Kyle Chapman (Facilitating)
- Alexandra Herbert (Minute taking)
- Onyelah Ogah
- Teone Johnson
- Chris Parsons
- Vikki Gill
- Yasemin Ercan
- Cam Smitti
- Ciara Atkinson

## Discussion of existing Items

**Discussed taking minutes for these meetings**
Alex Herbert volunteered to take minutes of the meetings

Going through the board, right to left

**Define what the purpose and role of the D&I meet-up is and the role of the D&I SA to open up to the rest of the company**

This group is to be a general fortnightly drop in session, anyone can join. The D&I Service Area (SA) is seperate and meets weekly - two members of staff are to be nominated by the SA team to help out with D&I efforts, to rotate between applicants every 2 months. The meetings will be ~1 hour every Friday morning to try to fit it in alongside any deliveries.

Yas has put a comment in here noting proposed changes to the handbook for this group to review.

As for advertising, Alex Herbert has added a reminder in Slack that this meeting is going on and a link to the board in the #supply-diversity-inclusion channel on Slack

**Discussed reaching out to groups regarding which holidays are important for the company to advertise**

Chris suggested looking at this once a month, at thye start of the month inside of the groups and taking this information to the SA
This may eb an action for Luke and Yas / the SA team for guidance on funds available and details on how to arrange an event
Bi Visibility Day is on September 23 (this month), might be good to consider putting something in

**Service area applicants, who was successful and are they present**

Alex is one of the two SA helpers nominated for the months of Sep/Oct, Chris is due to takie over for Nov/Dec, and Ciara is set to continue in Jan/Feb. All three were present at this meeting but there was concern over visibility of who is involved.

ACTION - Alex H to advertise that she is the SA helper in the LGBT groups and ask for ideas

**Unconcious bias training**

Kyle has been chasing the possibility of making this a requirement for interviewers, trying to get buy-in from Michael McLean (talent / interview lead) while he's still a part of hiring

### New topics discussed

**Getting topics in and voting done before the meeting be gins to save time**

Kyle suggested advertising these meetings and encouraging people to submit topics and vote on what is to be discussed before the meet in future

ACTION - Alex to set reminder in the supply D&I channel about this meet, the URLs and asking people to add / vote on topics (Done, as noted above)

**Mental health access / needs in the workplace, training / talks**

The group discussed how to make our services visible to people? Is there sufficient comms / info at onboarding?
Yas suggested an annual chat / reminder to be marketed to keep people aware of these services.
Cam mentioned that details on available mental health services are in the Made Tech handbook, and these are mentioned in onboarding. However, it was agreed that there is a lot of information parted during onboarding, so some of this may be lost, spurring the need for a regular reminder
Vikki mentioned we did a support page on the mental health first aider showcase and a closed slack channel exists for the first aiders, but we considered whether there should be an open slack channel to give people more visibility over who these first aiders are. Yas mentioned that we could utilise the wellbeing channel for this purpose, and advertise this in the people weekly 

ACTION - Yas to take this to larger people meeting