# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 15/09/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Creating topics, voting on one and discussing

## Attendees

- Tom Foster
- Yasemin Ercan
- Carly Diamond
- Ciara Atkinson
- Vikki Gill
- Michael McLean
- Luke Morton
- Chris Parsons
- Kayleigh Derricutt

## Actions from previous meetings

- Need guidance on funds available to celebrate events on the diversity calendar
- Alex H to advertise that she is the SA helper for these two months and seek discussion topics to bring to the SA meeting on Fridays (Done in lgbt group, lgbt allies group, women in tech group, antiracist activities group)
- Yas to take discussion of mental access needs / workplace training to larger people team meeting
- Ciara to look at the Inclusion calendar and plan ahead with some trial events and awareness sharing

## Discussion of existing Items

- Luke has started expanding D&I information in the handbook, including adding information about how to ask for budget
- New service area oriented channel #supply-diversity-and-inclusion-sa

- Main discussion point: How do we want to use the social/awareness calendar that lists all events of the year (mental health awareness week, black history month, pride month etc)?
  - Ciara, Vikki and Cam would normally be involved in oragnising events, could we have a 6 months notice. There are a lot of events on the calendar, can we pick the ones we want.
  - What actions do we want to carry out around each event? Event, posting, raising awareness, etc.
  - Could we group the different types of events to ensure we don't miss anything important out.
  - How do we know we have all the events on the calendar?
    - Need a way for new communities to form/add to the calendar.
  - Creating a celebration within a closed group doesn't necessarily mean that they are confident in celebrating outside of the group.
  - Trying to solve too much at once. Can we solve the smaller problem of posting information about events and then expand out from them.
  - Socials would need more time and planning, a simple post announcing a specific day, less so.
  - Difficult to get people organising events without the guidance already in place.
  - Why do we want to be doing this?
    - So that people can bring their whole selves to work
    - Build empathy in others who are not aware or have insight into what someone else's lives are like.
    - Seeing other talk about important parts of their lives, encourages others to contribute.
