# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 13/10/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Discussing existing TODOs

## Attendees

- Vikki Gill (Minutes)
- Carly Diamond
- Ciara Atkinson
- Cam Smitti
- Alex Herbert

## Existing TODOs

**Mental health** - We still need to find a good direction for discussing mental health at work. 

**guidance on funds to celebrate events in the diversity calendar**
- Ciara has gone through the calendar and listed some potential important dates to run some comms or an event. There are quite a lot to choose from, and we are not sure if some things are just national holidays. We need to seek input from specific channels / communities to see if there's an event coming up. Hopefully, the more they market events the more people will reach out
An example is that Islamophoobia awareness month is also movember - How do we find anyone who feels strongly in order to take that on, organise some talks / showcases and comms? Ideally, we want to reach out to slack that represents channels a month before a given event to get some people from the community to organise some awareness. There are some communitiies we don't have. We don't have an Islamic community to discuss Islamophobia, for example
Alex feels like we should aim to have multiple people planning each event, as just having one person to rely on, especcially if they're on a project, as it can be time-consuming to contribute on top of your general responsibilities.

The general strategy should be to have someone to own the calendar in a top-down position and reach out to communities when a date is coming up in the next month. Carly suggested that we rotate this responsibility on a month-to-month basis. Ciara is putting the calendar together from now until December, and then have someone else take over Jan-Feb while she works in the Service Area. However, there are lots of events coming up and she doesn't always know which group to reach out to.

Vikki - if it's down to capacity and pople don't want to plan some activities but do want to have an event for a given occasion, we could try to do the bare minimum e.g. share some content or an article or something, then once we have that visibility it might get easier over time to get people involved in things they're passionate about. However, Ciara noted that if nobody wants to come forward and take something on then perhaps we should leave it for another year rather than have someone who is not affected by the particular issue coming up with their own take on it and possibly cause offence. Alex agrees - having someone not affected by a particular issue trying to send some comms about it for a day might come off as insensetive, and at worst, they could share the wrong thing / distort the message and end up causing offence. 

Vikki suggested that maybe we could bring discussion on forthcoming events to these meetings or point it out in the supply D&I channel?
Ciara - maybe have a master spreadsheet on Google Sheets recording who is doing which event, and if nobody comes forward then we can leave it out

<???> asked if it was worth highlighting some articles for a given event. Alex thinks that maybe this is not a good idea without it being vetted by the community in question. It's good to acknowledge certain events but don't put a slant on it / share an article or something without being a member of that community, just in case there are some problematic biases in the content.
Ciara noted it could be hard to find an article, read it thoroughly and vet it for sensetivity.
Carly - it's one thing to want to share and include people, but might also be good to make an investment in a speaker in that area. How do we decide which speakers? What can we do internally and what can we do reaching out to external organisations? Cam feels it's okay to make mistakes as we're still learning and we have good intentions. Ciara feels that even if we have a speaker with a particular bias, there still might have other things that can be learned from their presentation.

*Action* - Alex volunteered for putting on a showcase for Trans Day of Rememberance (TDOR) - showcase on the 19th November
*Action* - Ciara to pin the calendar to the D&I slack channel
*Action* - Ciara to pull in a slice of the calendar and own it until december, reach out in November / December to try to find all the events and to coordinate some events if possible
*Action* - Alex to consider writing an automated bot to point out events in advance

**D&I Report** 
Luke and Carly to write a showcase for next friday

**List of open/closed communities** 
Luke has added stuff to the handbook, Alex has sent out comms and we're getting more people interested. We have a list of some communities here but perhaps we need to encourage more communities to form and be publicised.