# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 27/10/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Creating topics, voting on one and discussing

## Attendees

Ciara Atkinson
Yasemin Ercan
Vikki Gill
Carly Diamond
Cam Smitti
Dan Burnley
Chris Parsons (minutes)
Alex Herbert

## Actions from previous meetings

- Alex volunteered for putting on a showcase for Trans Day of Rememberance (TDOR) - showcase on the 19th November
- Alex to consider writing an automated bot to point out events in advance
- Ciara to pin the calendar to the D&I slack channel - Shared
- Ciara to pull in a slice of the calendar and own it until december, reach out in November / December to try to find all the events and to coordinate some events if possible
- Luke and Carly to begin planning a showcase on the D&I Report, due on Fiday 22nd October

## Discussion Items

- Discussion around £2,500 budget for D&I service area event.
  - Also want to pin down a budget for closed and open communities to run events. To be discussed in D&I service area meeting.
- Ciara going to manage the events calendar up until the end of the year, then someone else will pick up in January.
- Discussion around leaver data being linked back to hiring data. Wanted some kind of data that can be drilled into.
  - Being pushed back pending hiring changes following the D&I report and possibly a new HR system.
- Looking at creating a doc that others can edit that can be pinned to the channel.
  - Longer term, might be able to put this onto github.
- Discussion about about hiring team and sharing the unconcious-bias training in the hiring resources for future interviewers.

## How do we help teams and deliveries to make changes to become more inclusive and for individuals to feel like they can be themselves?

- Explore how we can embed an understanding and attachment to inclusion in Made Tech.
- A leaver has raised lack of diversity on the teams and turned down client teams over being the only non cis white man.
- Some people on their deliveries feel that they're not empowered more externally with clients. Is there a more formal process in place nowadays?
- Some regions are a lot less diverse compared to others. Makes raising inclusion issues harder for people within that region.
  - Could we have something at group to raise it higher.
- Message may not be landing in regards to the D&I service area being the place to raise these issues.
- Internal discrimination should be going to People team as it's a conduct issue that Made Tech would look to address.
- External discrimination should involve the client principle? How do we tackle it with the client?
- We should be ensuring that things like team socials are more inclusive (i.e. not just going for a drink)
