# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 10/09/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly service area discussion

## Attendees

- Luke
- Yas
- Theone
- Alex

## Actions from previous meetings

- Alex anad Theone to to look over the proposed changes to handbook and provide feedback (Alex - Done)
- Yas to share the D&I changes in Slack and set a deadline
- Alex to chase up possible Unconcious Bias training for hiring team with Kyle and see where we're at (Done)
- Yas to speak to people (Vikki, Laura, Kate) regarding getting an unconcious bias speaker to raise awareness in the team and have a learning lunch event
- Yas to complete making data on people leaving the company at early intervals and make it readable (Done)
- Yas to invite Kate Phillips to this meeting (Done)
- Yas to market the service area position more widely and to make the rota available (Done)

**Action results**

Kate has been invited to this meeting - will attend on Thursday 23rd

Alex has checked in with Kyle - hiring team seems to be receptive to UB training, Michael McClean is interested. Need to find out who will deliver the training / budget to do it etc... Alex to ask in this meeting

Yas has sent data to the hiring team

Alex has checked the proposed handbook changes - seems good to me.

Yas has made the roles clear in the #supply-diversity-inclusion slack channel

**Discussions to carry over**

- Celebrating different events for different communities throughout the year and possibility of getting budgets and speakers and stuff
- Proposing sick leave due to Coronavirus to be counted differently to regular sick leave

## Actions from previous meeting

**SSP Guidance** - Yas to think about how to publish the updated guidance on sick leave / medical leave. Concern is that we don't want too many comms going out in a short space of time might be overwhelming

**Unconcious Bias training** - Discussed educational training for the hiring team and awareness training for general colleagues in a learning lunch style presentation. Yas has spoken to Vikki and they are looking at options

**eNPS survey** - The comms have been sent out, the link will be shared next week. We are wondering how to ensure we get a high percentage feedback. Yas will share a link.

## Discussion Items

**Service area slack channel** Yas is to make a seperate channel for the D&I Service Area - ACTION Yas
This channel will be used to keep in touch and remind us of our action points
Luke suggested to open the channel but manage membership - open to all for transparency
Yas noted we must be explicit is fomething discussed in this SA meeting is confidential and not record it on the minutes / in the slack channel


**Coronavirus sickness** - We discussed whether being sick with Coronavirus should count towards the sick day quota of 10 days per year paid sick leave that each colleague is entitled to.
Theone also brought up long covid - and should this count as long term sick or should we think of this as a new area
Alex noted that there's a possibility of double infections, infections after being vaccinated etc... that we should consider
Luke asked to keep the guidance in the handbook generic, but it is relevant to send some covid specific comms out to clarify our stance as a company
Alex noted that adding to the handbook would have more longevity - it's esasily changed and changed back, would be available to prospective new hires to show we've thought about this publicly. Theonne noted that comms are a good way of communicating things in the moment but they can easily be forgotten over time.
ACTION - Luke to raise tis with LT / Executives

## Trello board

Moved some tickets based on completed / in-progress

**Unconcious bias speaker** - Set a deadline of 30th September to have something booked in

**eNPS** - Added link in Slack to a draft version.
ACTION - Alex and Theone to check this over before Monday, as Yas wants to send it out then
Will close on the Friday so we can get this data contextualised in the upcoming D&I report, due on the 24th September. Not anonymous but only Yas and Luke will have access to the raw data

If possible, would like to collect people's individual experiences and use these to give the upcoming D&I report more context
Luke agreed that this kind of qualatitive data would be valuable and this was what was considered when the survey was designed. We know we're good at diversity, but we need to understand people's experiences to see how good we are at inclusion.

We had a really good response rate quite quickly for the last survey so we hope to achieve the same this time.

**Added D&I guidance to handbook** - Done, reviewed and merged

**Comms for D&I service area** - Yas would like comms to go out coinciding with the handbook update to make sure people understand the purpose of the different groups. We want visibility over what the Service Area does as well as the community meetings, and we hope to have more people sign up.

This is time-sensetive, but we have some comms going out next week already so we don't want to fatigue everyone through too many emails. Yas would like the D&I comms to not just come from herself and Luke every time, to show that other people are invested.
ACTION - Alex to write this by 24th September - Theone to support.

The guidance update in the handbook will cover the open and closed groups, meetups, how udgets can be made available for activities. Luke has an outline but needs to write the full prose.
Additionally, Luke wants to have some of our marketing copy changed - "We want to positively impact the future of the country by using tech to improve society for everyone"

## AOB

**Mental health** - Theone raised the question of how we go about talking about Mental Health while remote working, being aware of people's differing needs while working remotely and actively supporting colleagues with MH requirements or disabilities over the long and short term while we're not fully back in the office
Yas agreed - there is a MH awareness week which would be a good opportunity for comms . speakers / colleagues sharing experiences
Alex mentioned this feeds into supporting and celebrating diversity all year round - we don't want to appear like we're just doing a token event or two for pride month / black history month etc...
Luke agrees, D&I is not just one thing in isolation and we need to ensure that the issues we diuscuss here become mainstream topics for discussion - need to build the diversity calendar into the broader business
We now have Kate supporting onboarding and support for marketing and culture and happiness coordinating efforts, we can utilise her skills and her groups so we do not act as an isolated service area.

We discussed making Mental Health more prominent and getting the relevant information to people needing it - once we get back to the office it might be easier as we can have posters around the office and whatnot but it's challenging to bring this to the front of people's minds while we're still all working remotely.

This isn't something that can be solved today but requires thought on how to solve, and likely collaboration with different groups
We will get Laura, Kate and community managers together at some point to discuss the diversity calendar
Yas added a ticket for this ongoing discussion - will pick this up at the community meetup on Wednesday

**Including closed groups** - Yas wants a more formalised plan on how we bring in issues from open / closed groups
Alex brought a suggestion in from x-women-in-tech last week and we want to make sure we're capturing all of the issues / feedback as they happen
How do we make sure we're aware of any issues in every group, even those we're not a part of?
Luke is drafting something this morning, adding to the handbook to make sure we have awareness of who we are raising issues to.
    Push / Pull strategy - make people known, but also make sure those people are asking for feedback proactively in open / closed communities
Make people feel empowered to bring issues forward
Luke suggested a footer in the regular comms with details on who to contact for that 2 month period

**D&I Report** - talk about in detail next time, as this is ongoing. Will contain:
- Diversity in Made Tech vs. the larger diversity averages from England
- Diversity in Made Tech overall
- Pay gap analysis
- Gender and ethnicity by categories
- Why billable / engineering is a problem area
    - SFIA 4 and above are mostly white men
    - Women in lower paid roles increase the gap
    - Need to figure out how to break down pay without making the data identifiable at the higher levels
- eNPS if we have the data
