# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 10/08/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly service area discussion

## Attendees

- Carly Diamond
- Luke Morton
- Yasemion Ercan
- Alex Herbert (minutes)

## Previous actions

- Luke to publish D&I report company wide by Wendesday
- review the purpose of this group? It was set up for transparency and monitoring but what comms do we need to commit to to serve the org and achieve our goals (or, should we use github for meeting minutes?)


## Requests

**Open / closed groups in a description of the SA channel** - Raised by Catherine Whibley and Laura Burnett
The handbook references it in the description of the #supply-diversity-and-inclusion channel but it's not.
Luke had a look and was not able to see private channels
Carly - Veganism counts as protective belief? Perhaps these inclusive channels are wider ranging than we'd otherwise expect. 
Luke - There's a conversation to be had about what counts as a safe space group e.g. parents and carers counts, and veganism might, but musicians probably isn't.
Also need to find a list of people to ask to join a closed group

ACTION - Alex to look into at least starting this list in the channel description

**Death in service benefit**
Message from Andreas England:
- *Hi all, how would I go about persuading MT that not having a “Death in service benefit” discriminates against older employees and those with dependants? MT is one of the few companies I’ve been with  that hasn’t had this benefit in place and although I’ve no intention of using it, having it in place would give me a great deal of peace of mind. BTW - the benefits box Westfield  health plan, is not a ‘death in service benefit’ - Ie. a tax free (if managed correctly) 3 or 4 x salary lump sum/trust. Yes, I have life insurance. https://www.moneysupermarket.com/life-insurance/death-in-service/*

Yas - our benfits in terms of insurance is not much. We are in the process of setting up a financial advisor, mostly for managing pensions, but we are also going to investigate which beneefits will be needed. We plan for this to be in the made tech benefits box - might need to sign up for a minimum death in service benefit per person, but with the ability to add additional via the benefits box allocation, starting from next year (2022)
It's good for us to know that people are passioinate about this topic, and now that it's been brought up we will investigate our options with the financial advisor.

We can offer Andreas the opportuinity to be involved in this
Carly - do we need to respond to the part where he's calling it discriminatory?
Alex - it's not discriminatory to have a policy for older people but not younger because this just means we understand that older people have different needs
Carly - it's not on us to interpret what this means, maybe have a conversation with Andreas  - we disagree with phrasing but understand the sentiment. Need an honest conversation to understand our stance
ACTION - Carly to discuss this with Andreas. Luke thinks he has good intent but did not consider his wording.

Luke noted that we want to be a in good place for people to report thingsa they're passionate about - now that this has been reported to us there's a responsibility for us to keep it monitored and update poeple - duty of care.
We have added a column to the board to monitor this kind of request in the long-term
ACTION - Alex to go back through minutes to check if there's anything else to monitor and add it to the column

On a more positive note, it's a good sign people are raising stuff to this group.

## TODOs

**Publish D&I report**
Luke was set to do by this Weds but it's still not out. Luke is waiting on feedback from content team and make some changes
Carly - if we are doing the showcase today we need it to be out today or monday really
Luke has a spare hour and a half after this meeting to check it over, convert to PDF, check it and then push it out. It will be announced over slack and Email.
ACTION - Luke to release the D&I report

Alex raised a thought that PDF is considered to be not accessible. There are problems for people who have issues with reading, such as PDF forcing a fixed font size, incompatibility with screen readers unable to convert to a dyslexic font
Luke - Neither are Google Docs, which is where all the info resides now - might just do pdf this time and then give proper consideration to this in the future
James is writing a blog post - we will publish this and then we will see how Leadership Team feels about releasing the blog post, or even the full report
Luke agrees that we should not be sharing in PDF as our default format, the current guidelines are HTML5. His personal bias from being a business person is to use PDFs
Carly - should we explore our accessibility with a TODO or outsource this consideration to someone else with experience in accessibility? It would be good to align the accessibility of our reporting with our values.
Luke - We have a UCD team who are experts, we could coordinate with them
ACTION - Carly to reach out to the UCD team, Mark Wright / Harry (???) are the best contacts

**Brief people team on collab oration with Black History Month**
James is big on supporting BHM, writing blog posts and interviewing people. Carly has spoken to him and sounds like he's doing a lot but unsure as to specifics
Yas - Did we want to do any external facing social media stuff for BHM?
Carly - this might be great if we get it right, but it comes down to employer branding. Are we mature enough in the diversity of our orghanization to put something out that sounds authentic and not insensitive. We would need strong input from our Black community.
ACTION - Carly to link up with James / Karsyn to see if we want to do a social media push

**Sick leave policy** - Yas got an approval from Leadership, it sounds ok for now and she has got it in writing from Chris on Slack. We have 2 pieces of comms around this - remote working and sick leave policy. Remote working policy update needs to go out today / Monday, then some time, and then she will update the statutory sick policy in the handbook and send out comms.
Need to catch any responses to it so we can find if people have any concerns, and check in to this group to make sure we address these concerns. Add in to the comms, something along the lines of - "...to express concerns then contact D&I SA / people team"
 
**D&I showcase today** - The showcase has been planned and has been cut down to 19 mins exactly. Luke and Carly are prepared. Alex is really excited to hear it.

**Collaboration on Mental Health in the workplace** - In calendar for next week friday 3pm
Vikki sent out comms. Follow up and invite some people. initial group is marketing, community managers, D&I, MH 1st aiders.
ACTION (informal)- Alex to get someone invited like she promised. Speak to Vikki.

**Showcase for Alex and Theone** - 12th nov. Alex has asked 2 people for a slot on 19th for TDOR

**Tech Talent Charter** - report still coming, Yas will report next week

## Discussion items

**Review purpose of this group** - getting on in the meeting, not enough time for this. We'll discuss another time.

**Focus groups for D&I rpeort** - The idea is to put 2 / 3 sessions in for feedback on teh D&I report. Luke won't attend as we feel that people will need a safe environment to express themselves / provide constructive criticism without the CTO being present.
Yas has ran a retro with a Google form asking about how safe poeple feel talking about sensetive issues on a scale of 1 (unsafe) to 5 (completely safe). The only responses were 4 and 5 out of 5, might want to offer other ways to give feedback - 121s or speaking to someone in inclusions group for more anonymnous feedback
Group sessions are a possibility but may be trickier to run and manage. There's a risk of social / peer pressures / dominant personalities directing the groups towards a certain conclusion without everyone being fully heard or able to speak truthfully.

ACTION - Yas and Carly to discuss in a meeting about the best way to elicit feedback from this

**Budget for lunch and learn**

Carly - what budget do we have / how do we access / distribute?
While helping with the D&I report she was wondering what can we do to expose and educate people to what good inclusion looks like and how it's important to introduce in groups that really aren't inclusive at the outset. The questions kept coming back to the cost, as she was looking at the possibility of some external speakers already.
informally, we've had £2500 per year set aside for Lunch and Learn sessions. This will be confirmed officially at a later date.

We need to discuss as a group what kind of talks / events to prioritise now that we know what our budget is going to be. What kinds of events can we run to help us achieve our objectives as set out in the D&I report / yearly strategy??

**git for note keeping** - 
Alex previously noted that keeping the meeting minutes for these meetings in a Git repository is not friendly for non-techies.
Luke agreed, and noted that you still need some technical knowledge on Git to even use the Githum UI to make changes.
On the other hand, just yesterday someone told Luke that they were happy the Made Tech handbook was on github - it's a great place to keep this info and really speaks to our company's values:-
- Audit trail is kept automatically (You can go back through commits and see the inner workings of early decisions on policy)
- It's transparent and accessible publicly
- It's an Open source tool
- It's fundamentally democratic
- As someone in tech you think of github as a place where you share things
to have a company's culture embodied, it shows we as a company buy in to modern ways of working
It's also been noted that Luke himself is a technically proficient person and would be able to assist keeping these notes if there are no technically minded people on the service area. Also, the minute taker could simply ask an engineer for help using Git.