# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 15/08/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly service area discussion

## Attendees

- Carly
- Luke
- Vikki
- Theone
- Alex (Minutes)

## TODOs

**Publish D&I report to company** - The aim is to get it out ahead of the showcase to give people time to read it. James in Content team has added some notes so  Luke needs to review and hopefully send it out in the first half of next week.
ACTION - Luke to send this out by next Weds

**Black History Month** - Collaboration between marketing and Black History Month community - with Yas who is off. Carly to check into what's going on and give an update.

**Add covid guidance for sick leave** - Yas expecting it back by today - due 29th on People team trello. It's been reviewed bt leadership team and should hopefully be added in soon.

**Prepare D&I report showcase** - Carly and Luke met yesterday to discuss. Showcase will be 20mins max, likely to finish the plan off on Tuesday. Need to sdhare a slot with Laura Poblete so they can only get 20 mins out of the hour.

**Organise events in D&I calendar** - We had a good chat about this in the community meetup, we're looking to have someone in people team owning a calendar for 1 to 2 months per person and give them the responsibility of reaching out to groups that each event represents to try to plan an event ahead of time. If they aren't able to find someone to take ownership then try to prepare / publish some comms. Ciara to go first and then switch in January as she moves onto the Service Area team. Calendar needs to be refined, we might need to decide as a Service Area that we want to prioritise actions / external speakers for events that target our D&I report objectives

**Alex + Theone's showcase** - Alex and Theone to push their showcase back to the 12th November in favour of Black History Month events to be run on 29th

**Tech talent charter** - Yas to report when she's back

**Mental Health awareness week** - Vikki and Carly decided some people to ask and have a meeting with - MH 1st aiders, community managers and representatives
Alex - Might be a good idea to book in a comms piece to advertise this to the wider buisiness - ask for people who feel that they're affected by MH in the workplace to participate

## Discussion items

**ESG comittee** - Discussion on who should be involved and how this comittee should be made up. This will be a long term commitment. How do we come up with principles for involvement? We require people with a senior level of accountability so we can link actions to people who can carry these actions out. There are some named people in the admission document too.

Alex - Interviews would likely be necessary, we need poeple passionate about the business and need to avoid where there may be personality clashes
Carly disagrees - we should really be cautious about talijng about personalities and clashing. Getting a bunch of people together with similar personalities might lead to a poor diversity of thought on the comittee, it needs to be more of a diversity of approach as well.
Luke - the ESG will be scrutinising strategy drawn up from different places in the business. commercial, operational, people team etc... The EGS needs to be run by pillars in the business, but need to also have people sait on the comittees for transpasrency.

We need a good mix of:
- Board - Scrutinising the plan (People named in the admission doc / people from the board)
- Managers - who can guide the business (Senior level managers who have the power in the org to make the changes as recommended by the comittee)
- Lower level employees who will be involved for thne long term for transparency, diversity and a different perspective

Carly - it does have to be owned by those middle people but can we ask the transparency people to come on for 6-12 months or a shorter time, but they join and leave at different intervals so those who are owning the strategy don't need to get a full team up to speed every time but also get a bit of diversity of thought
Theone agrees with this plan. She's experienced a successful approach like this earlier in her career.

Luke - this is likely to be an active conversation in the coming weeks, good to have discussion and shape the direction but we can move on from here now

**Using Github for taking minutes for these meetings**

Alex is concerned about using Github to store the minutes for the D&I meetings. git is primarily used by engineers, so this may put a larger burden on Engineers to take minutes / check them / upload them for visibility, while also discouraging non-engineers taking part in the Service Area from taking minutes as they might not have the skill set to upload them correctly. This may be a problem if there are only non-engineers in the service area. For example, Alex has been taking notes, cleaning them up into minutes and uploading them herself for most of these meetings, which is time consuming and must be done on top of project work

Vikki suggested instead using a shared google drive, more open to everyone
Luke - UCD comminuity keeps it's own blog on substack. We like git because it's got transparency which Word/Drive won't necessarily, but we like the transparency that comes with noting all of the notes in Git. These nores are visible outside of the org as well
Carly - is the meetings being visible important? Why do we share these on github which is visible externally? is that important? Need to think critically about why this is shared externally
Alex started putting stuff here because that's how it used to be done, the minutes convey good insight but do not convey it powerfully.

ACTION - review the purpose of this group? It was set up for transparency and monitoring but what comms do we need to commit to to serve the org and achieve our goals
    - We have produced a report with suggestions and actiuons for the wider business