# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 05/11/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly service area discussion

## Attendees

Carly Diamond
Yasemin Ercan
Luke Morton

## NOTE

It's Alex and Theone's last day as a part of the Service Area.

## Previous actions

- Alex to create a Google doc to hold open / closed group names and contact details and report back to Catherine Whibley and Laura Burnett when it's done 
- Alex to update community board regarding the handbook guidance to apply for an open/closed community events
- Alex to add a discussion point in the community meetup regarding helping to build diverse teams
- Alex and Carly can have a chat with the person who raised the issue of eNPS engagement by regions
- Carly to reach out to the UCD team, (Harry) on Monday regarding the accessibility of our reporting / moving away from default PDF
- Yas and Carly to open some meetings for focus groups to discuss the D&I report 


## Requests

## Discussion Items

