# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 23/09/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly service area discussion

## Attendees

- Kate Phillips
- Yasemin Ercan
- Theone Johnson
- Carly Diamond
- Alex Herbert (Minutes)

## Actions from previous meetings

- Yas and Luke to review anonymity in D&I report
- Yas to look into putting together a discussion about how we approach and talk about mental health in the workplace, and market this to colleagues in Slack to find anyone who might have input
- Plan for a showcase on the positive impact of inclusion
- Alex to draft some comms to advertise the commuinity meetup and service area, encourage people to attend and to make people aware of how issues can be raised

## Discussions to carry over

- Discuss changes to the academy - offering new courses and further training / mentoring for people who are already in-role to allow them to move into more senior positions
- Unconcious bioas speaker update?

## Discussion Items

**eNPS survey** - LGBTQIA group returned limited responses, mostly people identifying as bisexual. ACTION - Alex to add a note in LGBT groups when she has a minute

**D&I report** - Coming to an end - Yas and LKuke have a session today to continue working on it. The report will be shared with the service area before general release to get feedback and notes. It's a long report but will highlight some actions we can take.

**D&I in hiring** - Kate has been taking some notes based off of discussions in this group - she wants to map out a candidate's journey from seeing the ad / being contacted by a recruiter to settling in after being successful. Begin by looking for some quick wins here.

**Unconcious Bias training** - Yas has got some proposed actions for improving D&I in hiring. She is still not sold on Unconcious Bias training as there have been some studies that show it has the reverse effect - givcing a false sense of confidence in people that have had the training (i.e. they've done the training so they're no longer biased and donm't need to think about it anymore)

Alex recounted experiencesn of hiring and bias to make a case for UB training - it's a qualatitive experience, they're not all the same, even though there is a possibility of instilling a sense of false overconfidence. there's a problem with biases in interviews as observed by Alex and we need to ensure we get good training so people don't just think they need to do it once and are done

ACTION - Alex to look into this further

On the topic of extended onboarding / training - Theone thinks it's really important for mentors to have good training and support in reference to Yas saying that previous extended onboarding training seemed to be counterproductive and lead to people leaving anyway.
Yas - more than just your line manager should have interest in your career progression. A more comprehensive extended onboarding system is early in the planning stages at the moment (Briefly discussed last week)

## D&I service area colleagues experience of onboarding

Kate asked about our experiences of onboarding

**Theone** -  found the job ad on LinkedIn, looked on Glassdoor for cultuire ratings and how it was as a workplace. She really liked how there was interaction from Made Tech to glassdoor. She then applied on LinkedIn. She was drawn to the public information in our handbook, how we support employees, and how forward facing and public we are about our aims and how it's updated regularly and not an afterthought
3 stages of an interview, she found it to be a quick process and liked the transparency

**Alex** - Blah. Do this later. I didn't type as I was talking. Don't you dare commit this, Alex!
things that drew - handbook, D&I, trans in interview, transparent pay scales pronouns encouraged

**Carly** - saw an ad on LinkedIn, really liked the wasy it was written & language that was used. She applied and then 3 weeks later a recruiter got in touch. The initial chat felt truthful and the honesty of the interviewer came through

She really liked the Made Tech story - she liked how she could see the mission and values upfront, and our vision about trying to create a better world by improving the public sector spoke to her. She wanted to find out how Made Tech got be the way it is. The values being transparent were an important factor

Carly almost didn't go to the final interview as she didn't get the 'feel' of the company - was all factual and dry. She felt like she needed deeper conversations to get an early connection

However, the final interview really convinced her that this was a good place to work - she felt it was more of a conversation than interview and the frank honesty of the interviewer made her feel at ease - during the process she chatted to Lee she got to know him better and felt that they were completely honest with each other. They had complex and honest discussions and he asked her challenging questions - a good relationship going in fosters trust

**Kate** - What really reached out to her was talking to Pete and Hazel - their passion shone through and showed Kate that this was a good place to work where they believe in what they do
Kate asked Theone whether being values driven was important to her
Theone replied - Yes, was her first job move and she wass nervous, but the interviewer/lead User Researcher spoke to her - made her feel confident chatting with the people and wanted to work with. She asked about how it is to work for the company, what onboarding was like etc... which put her at ease
Two-way interaction was important. After the chat it really helped her make that decision to join.

**How D&I fits at Made Tech** - 
- We have the foundations of strategy document - a working doc where people are happy to jump in and put some notes/suggestions in
- We should look into some partnerships with women in tech, as well as other charities / orgs we could work with that give underprivelaged people opportunity to break into tech
- Look at the tools used to progress candidates, how progress is tracked and how this is assessed
Yas - attraction part is important - when we were smaller we would keep close relationships with communities. Now, we need to be partnering with former colleague Charlene Hunter who came from coding black females, but went back to try to do some good for them once she'd become more skilled.
Carly - hiring journey is important to consider - where do people drop out, measure the process
Kate- We also want to capture data for those we don't hire. It's optional for unsuccessful candidates to give feedback, and they likely often don't.