# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 29/08/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly service area discussion

## Attendees



## Previous actions

- Alex to look into which open and closed groups in slack are easily identifiable andf add them to a list in the supply Diversity and Inclusion Slack channel and report back to Catherine Whibley and Laura Burnett when it's done 
    - Luke has got the open groups
    - Alex tried to add the LGBTQIIA+ group to the channel description but descovered that descriptions have a limited number of characters, and it can hold the open groups listed by Luke but not the LGBT one plus the contact details. We will need to figure out a way to store these details other than using descriptions.
    
- Alex to mention to Andreas England that we've discussed the Death in Service benefit (Done, shared the location of minutes also)
- Alex to go back through minutes to check if there's anything else to monitor and add it to the newly created column in Trello
- Carly to discuss the Death in Service policy with with Andreas. Specifically mention the language used in the request ('discriminatory'), and ask him if he wants input when we egin to introduce such a policy with the aid of a financial advisor
- Luke to release the D&I report
- Carly to reach out to the UCD team, Mark Wright / Harry regarding the accessibility of our reporting / moving away from default PDF
- Carly to link up with James / Karsyn to see if we want to do a social media push on Black History Month
- Yas and Carly to discuss in a meeting about the best way to encourage honest and constructive feedback about the D&I report


## NOTE

It's Alex and Theone's last day as a part of the Service Area.

## Discussion Items