# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 10/08/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly service area discussion

## Attendees

- Yas
- Theone (Minutes)
- Alex

## Actions from previous meetings

- Alex to send out D&I comms as agreed in the slack channel (Done late, 5/10/2021 due to forgetting about it while working on project)
- Yas, Carly and Vikki to meet and discuss an approach to Mental Health.
- Sick leave guidance to be updated and submitted by next Friday
- Yas to report back on the data we get back from Tech Talent Charter, which can be used to give us more context of ourselves as an organisation
- Alex and Theone to continue working on the showcase for 29th October, to 
    - advertise the service area, inform people and give an overview of what the service area has achieved. 
- Book in a showcase for the D&I report on 15th October and work collaboratively on a showcase. 
    - Luke to lead on this
    - Alex and Theone to take a slide each

## Alex quick notes

- Luke updated handbook
- Alex sent her comms
- Yas and vikki planned mental health talk for the last week october - visibility on what we offer
- Covid guidance and sick leave - yas has submitted and got some guidance about the wording, hoping to get final approval  from LT today
    - Debbier and Chris are main stakeholders to make sure they're happy with the guidanc,e rory needs to give his OK too
- Report showcase - luke and carly to collab next week and put most of the content together

## Discussion items

Showcase has been moved to the following week on the 23rd of October, Theone is on holiday during this time however Alex is still available to support. 

D&I showcase with Theone and Alex leading is running on the 29th. 

Alex sent out email about D&I service area and the rota, which is now done. Vikki and Yas got together to talk about timelines for collaborators meet up with mental health first aiders, marketing and inclusion group ect we are going to book in soon which will happen in the last week of october. 

Approval is coming through today (8.10.21) for COVID guidance, Yas is on holiday next week and will have to add it to the handbook to the 19th when she is back. Heard from debby and chris 2 days ago, they are the 2 key stakeholders so as long as we have that, that should be good enough to move forward. It sounded like they were generally happy withthe wording they just wanted to clarify some things, however I can suggest a meeting to walk through and discuss any issues

Prepare for the D&I report showcase (22.10.21) Carly, luke and Yas are leading to pull this together and Alex is looking to support. Luke and Carly are putting time in the diary next week to block in an hour or 2 to prep some of the content. 

Prepare for D&I Service area showcase, theone and alex are meeting once a week to prepare for this. 

Handover tech talent charter, will be focused on for the end of the month. they put together d&i data together in the tech industry, there is more we can do with this partnership

Mental health awareness week, will be part of the conversation with mental health first aiders ahead of the week. 

James who is leading the upcoming stress awareness week, we can invite him to the D&I community meet ups. there needs to be a organisational to this across teams and areas, how do we align employer branding and other areas to work on an aligned way ?we could do lots of small efforts, but do we want larger impacts, are there specific changes we need ot be making off the back of stress awareness week. How much of an impact is stress at impact, is there any change we can make on that or just discuss it. How much impact do we want from these topics and make a  co-ordinated effort around particular goals. We can use mental health as an example of how we can co-ordinate together. 

Is there anything we want to do for black history month? Makes sense to collaborate during black histroy month rather than after. 

Yas - i will get vikki to join the people team and marketing collaborating on the BHM activities 

Luke - we can get D&I report published next friday so there is a week and a half before the showcase and we can send coms out about it so people have time to read it and think of questions ahead of the presentation and we will unpack more of the detail for the showcase. After the showcase, can we do more coms about it and think about it more? 

Yas - Talent team asked if we can create diversity data sets per team so we can see how far people are in their diversity journey. 

Luke - one of the near term thing we can think about is how we balance diversity of academies coming up and something we can actively think about and consider. I am hesitant to slice the data by location and teams, the only slice I could do from a data and privacy perspective I did it by billable and operational roles. 

We need to make a difference overall does leadership reflect the buisness? we have academies to bring alot diverse groups however we need it for senior progression 

Luke - we need to get consistent revieing the same data and then we change, we could be 2 years away from slicing data and we need to look at 2-5 year horizons to make that long term impact on the buisness. I can bring that to the showcase to generate more feedback 
