# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 17/09/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly service area discussion

## Attendees

- Luke Morton
- Yasemin Ercan
- Theone Johnson
- Carly Diamond
- Alex Herbert

## Actions from previous meetings

- Alex and Theone to check over eNPS survey draft for wording and such (Done)
- Yas to send out and encourage completing eNPS survey (Done)
- Luke to bring the point of differentiating COVID-related illness from regular sick leave to leadership team / execs (Done)
    - Yas has ent a suggestion to exec team for feedback. Once they are happy with the wording, we can approve and go into the handbook
- Alex to write some comms regarding the D&I service area, it's purpose and to encourage people to join up - NOT COMPLETE due to illness
- Discuss how to leverage the Diversity calendar at the meeting on Wednesday - Done
- Luke to update on Diversity Report this session (Done) 

## Action results

Previous actions

Collaborate on comms piece - Alex to review for next week as she's been ill
	Aim to send it out next week - week to collab on the text
	Late deadline because of IPO and showcases - 8th Oct
Luke shared a link to ?? for review in general D&I channel
	Handbook stuff to review - everyone in the community can help but a review from this group would be appreciated

**Discussions to carry over**

- Celebrating different events for different communities throughout the year and possibility of getting budgets and speakers and stuff

## Discussion Items

Carly Diamond is attending - she is the new People Team partner who joined last week. She will be part of the service area and will attend these meetings from now on

**Unconcious bias speaker** - Vikki has been in contact with the speaker that gave the Impostor Syndrome learning lunch talk last week. She does an uinconcious bias one. We set a deadline for 30th September to have something scheduled in.

**D&I report** - Luke gave an update
Census data for new starters has been added to the full report - we want the snapshot of the company's diversity to be accurage and shared in a timely manner
Luke has put together graphs for overall distribution of pay by gender to help visualise our pay gap and see where the issues are
SFIA levels 1-5 are reported as a group, above this level are kept seperate. He has tried to generalise everything so as to not break anonymity but needs to review this with Yas (who is the only other person with access) to ensure that anonymity is maintained. We don't want to expose details about any individual colleagues by sharing this data.
Luke is also seeking permission from people who are SFIA6 and above to be a little less anonymous, as there are fewer people and it's harder to obfuscate
ACTION - Yas and Luke will review this on Monday

**eNPS survey** - Has been sent out yesterday and already garnered 80 responses - just under half of the company. Yas encouraged all of us to market this and get more responses, as there is a tight timeframe on this survey.
The deadline is midday on the 20th as we need the eNPS data for the D&I report.
It might be difficult to get 100% feedback considering the tight deadline due to absences and such - Yas will chase individuals who haven't done it yet. We discussed keeping the tight deadline on this one, but when we repeat the survey at frequent intervals and have the next ones give more time before the data is needed.
Luke mentioned that this might not be ideal as we would be measuring diversity without fully measuring inclusion, but we agreed that this data would still be useful even if we don't get to 100%. We will proceed with an early cut-off and see how we do in terms of people completing the survey, but plan it for earlier next time.

**ONS Data** - Yas mentioned we have data from the office of national statistics concerning the average diversity levels accross the UK, which will be pulled into the D&I report for context

**Statement on website** - Luke has started drafting a statement for the website to show our commitment to D&I

**Mental Health** - Yas has set herself and Vikki a deadline to talk with a wider group of people about how we talk about mental health at Made Tech 
    - if there's something we wanna do outside of MH awareness week or more regular
    - What would discussions on this topic this look like 
Likely to meet in October to discuss this further. Theone asked to sit in.
Also invite Mental Health first aiders, community managers
Alex asked if there was already a mental health closed community group. Yas had a look but thinks that this is more the job of the wellbeing group
Luke wants a unified list of open and closed communities. He has a vision on whast this should look like and suggested that the D&I channel should have links to who is in SA and a list of open / closed communities for people to find, including contacts for who to ask to be admitted to closed groups. We also need to document this in onboarding content.
ACTION - Yas to send a message to D&I slack about the Mental Health meetup/discussion, otherwise market it

**Encouraging non-management groups becoming involved in decision making** - Decision mnaking being left to principal level colleagues and higher wouldn't be diverse at all, due to the lack of diversity in the upper levels of the company. Making decisions for the technology team has been diversified to peple from all levels from the beginning of this month to get more perspectives in decision making from the beginning of this month
Carly noted that opening things up through inviting, storytelling and including colleagues at different levels will encourage more poeple to get invovled

Carly has had training for understanding the impact of inclusion and what good inclusion really means - perhaps this can be made more widely available
Theone noted that in her experience as a user researcher, there's a definite divide between teams that diversify vs teams that don't
Different people will have different insights but that means nothing unless they know they can join in on decision making that becomes apparent when you analyse user data. Carly suggested a showcase for a Friday afternoon, write some comms about it or even publish to a blog
Yas agreed - a lot of our comms is over email and it would be nice to do a showcase or two, which would also allow us to show ourselves to the wider community and hopefully drum up more interest in the community meetups and service area
Could start with comms piece, then plan for a showcase - comms on 1st october, then showcaser after.
ACTION - create content
			Check tickets for actions 

**Academy programme** - To begin offering courses on User Centered Design, and then add more capabilities as we go down the line
We need a program for UCD first, and to source candidates from a wide network to try to bring a diverse set of people into the academy, as well as adding diversity data to the academy application process. 
Harry (Trimble? Gardiner?) has been doing this - likely to start in March, 8 week course with teaching and project aspects
If the IPO goes through as expected we will have more money to invest in the academy and offer more opportunities

ACTION - Talk more about this next time 

We were also considering a mid - to - senior level academy programme to allow people to move up the ranks more easily. This will allow us to relax our hiring standards a little, as we can provide training before client delivery but after poeple start and foster their careers more closely
Luke noted that we need to focus on growing our own as opposed to relying on getting better people in from outside

Yas, Laura and Vikki have been thinking of mentoring, shadowing programs etc... for getting people ready for promotion. Carly thinks this is impressive as studies have shown that focusing on high performing people is a good way to retain people with strong skills
possible for the service area to collaborate on this 

## Notes
	
next week session is on Thursday with Kate to discuss D&I in hiring strategy and policies - UB trining. Alex had some insight into the process by helping with hiring, so might have some feedback on changes to make 
