# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 29/10/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly service area discussion

## Attendees

Carly Diamond
Yasemin Ercan
Luke Morton
Theone Johnson
Alex Herbert (minutes)

## NOTE

It's Alex and Theone's last day as a part of the Service Area.

## Previous actions

- Alex to look into which open and closed groups in slack are easily identifiable andf add them to a list in the supply Diversity and Inclusion Slack channel and report back to Catherine Whibley and Laura Burnett when it's done 
    - Luke has got the open groups
    - Alex tried to add the LGBTQIA+ group to the channel description but descovered that descriptions have a limited number of characters, and it can hold the open groups listed by Luke but not the LGBT one plus the contact details. We will need to figure out a way to store these details other than using descriptions.
    - discussed in community meetup - likely to use a Google doc that can only be accessed with an @MadeTech email address
    
- Alex to mention to Andreas England that we've discussed the Death in Service benefit (Done, shared the location of minutes also)
- Alex to go back through minutes to check if there's anything else to monitor and add it to the newly created column in Trello
    - Should we track our objecctives from the survey?

- Carly to discuss the Death in Service policy with with Andreas. Specifically mention the language used in the request ('discriminatory'), and ask him if he wants input when we egin to introduce such a policy with the aid of a financial advisor - 
    Done. Carly caught up from him, he suggested increasing hiring in over 40s to diversify our age. He agreed that 'discrimination' was a strong term to use in relation to his issue, he also appreciated that we reached out and is happy to provide advice

- Luke to release the D&I report (Done)

- Carly to reach out to the UCD team, Mark Wright / Harry regarding the accessibility of our reporting / moving away from default PDF
    Meeting with Harry on Monday

- Carly to link up with James / Karsyn to see if we want to do a social media push on Black History Month
    Reached out to Karsyn, they shared blog post on weds, going to share each of the videos gradually through the month

- Yas and Carly to discuss in a meeting about the best way to encourage honest and constructive feedback about the D&I report (focus group slots)
    done. Carly put some slots in for further discussion in Yas and Luke's diaries next week to get feedback from a wider audience.


## Requests

**Budget for open / closed groups**
guidance on how to apply for funds for an open / closed community events
No set amount available - guidance in handbook

https://github.com/madetech/handbook/blob/main/guides/equality-diversity-and-inclusion/about-open-and-closed-community.md - advice in the handbook
ACTION - Alex to update community board
Carly - guidelines for expenditure, what can be approved?

**Internal process for discrimination**
Chat with luke to create a standardised process for working with our clients, if one of our team receives discriminatory behaviour during a delivery, 
how do we as a business respond to defend our colleague

We work for public sector which is not diverse but we're trying to be an overly minority represented company.
Happened to Theone in her last job and she was afraid of going through a formal process due to her rank
Perhaps give people an informal process as well

In the example mentioned in community meet on Wednesday, the employee themselves didn't report it - it was a colleague. This happened twice before we escalated the poor behaviour to the client
Luke agreed there should be some guidelines - we are not sure what the process is
Carly is happy to hop on this - she's worked on whistleblowing / discrimination processes in the past
Luke might not be the right person to be involved in this, as he's far removed from deliveries
Client / delivery principles might be the best people to reach out to in order to draft some guidelines - Chris Blackburn, Kelly

**Helping diverse teams work together more easily**
(ticket - Guidance on teams to be more inclusive)
Even when a team isn't diverse, how do we get teams to default thinking inclusively so epople can be themselves in teams?

This is a very broad request - no specific issue or context example. How are we setting teams up to be inclusive?
Can we set up frameworks / guidance to try to get teams, especially less diverse teams, to think inclusively off the bat?
Maybe this one would be best collaborated with the Community group as the community group is more representative
Carly - we need to consider working and learning styles

Luke - this is owned in part by service delivery. D&I should be about partnering and ensure that the right people are involved in planning deliveries in order to be properly inclusive. Safety checks are built into the company culture, but we need to see if this is applied consistently.
Yass - maybne as a communioty we need to make some suggestions and bring to delivery managers, collaborate with them to get more formal guidance 

ACTION - Alex to add a discussion point in the community meetup to take it back and discuss there

**eNPS engagement by regions - response rate and scores, difference between offices for leads**

Someone brought this to Alex, somebody in Leadership Team mentioned that Manchester is less engaged with the wider business and they want to measure and try to improve it. Luke didn't release anything in the Diversity Report because we do not want to encourage competition between offices - seperating data by region might be counter-productive.
The Happiness Survey compared region by region - when Carly shared it it was noted that the regions were different, and the purpose of showing this was to show if Made Tech feels differently by regions and find the underlying reasons driving it. There is a useful discussion here to understand engagement in each region, but we need to be careful that this doesn't 

ACTION - Alex and Carly can have a chat - Carly owns the happiness survey which might be just as useful data. Alex to invite the person who brought this to attention

Luke has had this conversation with Carly and Yas - we're avoiding breaking down D&I report by region for simplicity, and we're not sure it's valuable to have eNPS and D&I by region - what outcomes are we expecting from doing this?

## Discussion Items

**Academy hiring**

we don't currently have capacity in talent team to handle the process so we are going to hand over to external agency that specialises in grad schemes. They need to proactively source diverse people. We need to discuss some metrics with them - i.e. we don't want to hire 100% from people who have graduated from university, and make sure they have far reaching advertising and not just advertising in the usual places
Carly - if we have a target, make it positive. i.e. make sure you hire X% of non-graduates instead to make it sound like a goal and not a limitaion
Luke - keep the same performance in diversity
We are paying per placement so we can set goals for them. We need to hire diversity based on Gender and ethnicity. Places like Black Girl Tech, Coding Black Females, codebar should be contacted. Outsourcing could still be a problem, and we need someone to own this internally

Carly - do we have baseline diversity hiring details of how we are now so we can improve it? Can we set a target for hiring?
Luke - He and Yas have access to data on academy hiring and might have enough data to extrapolate and be anonymous
Yas - who we end up hiring is our choice but the hiring pipeline needs to be diverse
Luke - it's not about quotas - we know we want an applicant pool to be diverse, if we have a lack somewhere we could partner with some groups that contain the demographics we need. Implementing this would be a complex discussion.
Why are we not using social media? We've had loads of contact > 300 people on social media
Yas - the agency uses their database of candidates but we might also give them, communities to specifically reach out to to ensure our applicant pool is diverse
Would be nice to have someone owning it internally but there's little time now to implement this before our academy starts up in January
Theone - This approach can work quite well as she's seen in the past, but she knew the person who was doing it and they were equally passionate about diverse candidates and would know where to seek and source new candidates from.
Yas - can we say X% have to come from diverse communities, not just university graduates, and you must have X number of people from these communities applying
Theone - sometimes it's the way you pose the conversation - you have an initial interaction with the people doing this - tell them what Made Tech is like, what we are trying to achieve and what we require from the candidates coming in. With some recruiters you need to be really specific or they won't do it, and others will understand and take initiative. You need someone from Made Tech to have time to have these meetings with recruiter agents and make sure they know what we need and why. If they have past experiences they'll know where we're coming from but if they don't we'd have to be really specific as to our diversity needs.
Luke - we need to get specific quickly on what they need to be doing.
Laura Poblete is the owner from a project perspective, will have Claire Sudberry and Richard Race on academy, need someone to keep a close eye on applications and quality. They will be reporting to Yas and Laura.

Luke - are we setting up equality survey for academy hiring i.e. diversity questionaires for applicants to ensure our pool is diverse?
Yas - we might use the existing one that goes out automatically from workable

This certainly needs further discussion. We have 189 open roles to fill befoire May - if we're not having oversight over diversity we might end up with a very undiverse team. Currently in hiring we're pressured to just hire people to get the numbers in, which may be counterproductive to D&I

Luke - What tools, advice, metrics, monitoring, guidance do we need for different recruiting streams
Next, we will need to sit down with hiring people at the same time and talk them through how they can be effective in prioritising D&I in the hiring. This needs to be done in the next week.

Theone - If any researchers are on chalet, it might be useful now to get them involved as they have experience in hiring. Scheduling teams owuld be good to ask