# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 23/09/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly service area discussion

## Attendees

- Kate Phillips
- Yasemin Ercan
- Theone Johnson (Minutes)
- Carly Diamond
- Alex Herbert 

## Actions from previous meetings

- Yas and Luke to review anonymity in D&I report (Done, an update was given at the community meetup this week)
- Yas to look into putting together a discussion about how we approach and talk about mental health in the workplace, and market this to colleagues in Slack to find anyone who might have input (Dopne in the community meeting)
- Alex and Theone to plan for a showcase on the positive impact of inclusion (Had a meeting, details to be discussed)
- Alex to draft some comms to advertise the commuinity meetup and service area, encourage people to attend and to make people aware of how issues can be raised (Draft done, can send out today)
- Yas and Vikki to arrange Unconcious Bias learning lunch speaker (Done - planned for 13th Oct)

## Discussion Items

