# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 03/09/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly service area discussion

## Attendees

- Yasemin Ercan
- Theone Johnson
- Alexandra Herbert

## Discussion Items

**Survey for eNPS to see engagement of colleagues**

We are planning to run a survey checking the engagement of all colleagues and having it non-anonymised and linked to the diversity survey to try to better track how well we're doing retaining a diverse workforce

There are concerns that some people may be reticent to share this if they're aware the data will be linked in this way. We discussed the potential for inferring this data in case of a non-result in this case.

Yas expressed concerns that this may result in hinmdering honesty, and would it be a pointless exercise if we don't get enough data

Theone suggested that the best way to go about this is to be as honest and transparent as possible going into it - be honest with people about what we're collecting and why.
The comms around this need to be clear.

Plan is:

- Send out comms announcing this
- Send out more comms with a set date of when this will happen
- Send survey
- Measure success based on amount of feedback

Use this as a pilot scheme for future surveys

**Sick leave wording in handbook**

We looked at the sick leave wording in the handbook, as it is a bit vague as to when we offer sick leave, when Statutory Sick Pay (SSP) kicks on and what doesn't count as normal sick leave

New paragraphs reviewed, Alex asked Yas to ensure she makes clear the difference between normal sick, medical leave and other leave, and to add examples. Alex asked tro add something along the lines of "If you are unsure please contact People team, as there may be exceptions"

Action - Alex and Theone to check this out later for feedback

**Looking over Luke's edits to D&I sections in the handbook**

This has been shared by Luke in several channels
Action - Yas to create a deadline for feedback on this in Slack
Action - alex to provide more feedback once she's had the time to read through it carefully

**D&I survey results**

We have the data from the D&I survey, now to discuss what's next
Due by 24th and Yas just wanted to give us an update

**Email for D&I service area**

Created a rota of who will be the helpers, rotating every 2 months
Alex asked to share this rota widely and ask for more help / see who else would be interested in being a helper

Action - Yas to market this more widely

**Unconcious bias training for staff**

Following on from a post in #x-women-in-tech in Slack
Alex asked about providing unconcious bias training or at least awareness for staff - some staff have not heard of it whgich concerns some of their colleagues

Kyle Chapman is already pursuing UB training for interviewers
Action - Alex to chase Kyle to find out how this is going

Yas suggested Vikki may have budget for a Unconcious Bias trainer, in the same vein as the Impostor Syndrome one for earlier today - lunch learning session

Laura P and Kate Phillips (new head of talent) may be good to get in on this
Yas has already had a chat to Kate on how Diversity fits into talent and Kate is coming up with a long term plan.

Kate wants diversity to underpin hiring - one of the pillars of her hiring strategy, and it needs to be considered across everything we should think about in hiring. 

Working out strategy in the next couple weeks - should be done in September. Yas is fdeeding in to this - must have advertised that we want a diverse talent pool, must have seen x% diverse candidates as example metrics
Kate to be invited to next week's meeting to discuss unconcsious bias training, hiring training and help her show the importance of why D&I is important to us 

Action - Yas to speak to people regarding unconcious bias speaker to raise awareness in the team 

Need to think about how to feed data into Kate's strategy, our experiences etc...

**Plans for events**

Pride, Black History Month etc... - we will discuss these next Friday. Made Tech wants to celebrate diversity all year around and not just on scheduled events

Alex mentioned that there's been discussion in the D&I fortnightly group about potentially looking at the diversity calendar at the start of every month and deciding what we're going to highlight

**Leaver data**

Alex asked Yas a whole ago for data on people leaving company gleaned from exit interviews.
The info requested was asking poeple for reasons why they are leaving, and then graphing this data for people leaving in the first 3 months, 3-6 months, 6-9 months and 9-12 months

Idea is to see where we can improve retention for first year, as it is not enough to just hgire a diverse team, we also need to retain them so they can positively influence the company

The data requested doesn't necessarily need to note people's protected characteristics - this is more a general query to find out how we can improve retention accross the board

Yas has this data but it needs to be made more readable - Alex to ask again next week


**Ending meeting**

Yas asked if the format of this meeting was alright for the purpose
Theone and Alex agreed that the meeting strucutre was good and sending out an agenda ahead of time was an excellent way of doing things

Meet again next week -  Friday 10 September