# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 03/09/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly service area discussion

## Attendees

## Actions from previous meetings

- Alex anad Theone to to look over the proposed changes to handbook and provide feedback (Alex - Done)
- Yas to share the D&I changes in Slack and set a deadline
- Alex to chase up possible Unconcious Bias training for hiring team with Kyle and see where we're at (Done)
- Yas to speak to people (Vikki, Laura, Kate) regarding getting an unconcious bias speaker to raise awareness in the team and have a learning lunch event
- Yas to complete making data on people leaving the company at early intervals and make it readable (Done)
- Yas to invite Kate Phillips to this meeting (Done)
- Yas to market the service area position more widely and to make the rota available (Done)

**Action results**

Kate has been invited to this meeting

Alex has checked in with Kyle - hiring team seems to be receptive to UB training, Michael McClean is interested. Need to find out who will deliver the training / budget to do it etc... Alex to ask in this meeting

Yas has sent data to the hiring team

Alex has checked the proposed handbook changes - seems good to me.

Yas has made the roles clear in the #supply-diversity-inclusion slack channel

**Discussions to carry over**

- Celebrating different events for different communities throughout the year and possibility of getting budgets and speakers and stuff

## Discussion Items