# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 10/01/2021

**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly service area discussion

## Attendees

- Yasemin Ercan
- Luke Morton
- Carly Diamond
- Alex Herbert (Minutes)

## Actions from previous meetings

- Yas and Luke to review anonymity in D&I report (Done, an update was given at the community meetup this week)
- Yas to look into putting together a discussion about how we approach and talk about mental health in the workplace, and market this to colleagues in Slack to find anyone who might have input (Dopne in the community meeting)
- Alex and Theone to plan for a showcase on the positive impact of inclusion (Had a meeting, details to be discussed)
- Alex to draft some comms to advertise the commuinity meetup and service area, encourage people to attend and to make people aware of how issues can be raised (Draft done, can send out today)
- Yas and Vikki to arrange Unconcious Bias learning lunch speaker (Done - planned for 13th Oct)
- Everyone to read the draft D&I report shared by Luke
- Everyone to read the proposed handbook changes shared by Luke

## Done items

**Unconcious Bias speaker** - Booked and scheduled in for 13th october
**UK ONS data** - Has been obtained and used in the D&I report for context of Made Tech's performance against the UK average
**Analysis for D&I report** - Done by Luke and Yas
**Website update** - Made an addition to the purpose of the org

Kate joined us last week to discuss hiring more broadly - she agreed to continue the conversation on hiring policy and trying to influence practices
    The D&I report will feed into this
    Kate has been invited to these sessions and will update when convenient

## TODOs

**Diversity comms** - drafted and done. Alex to send out
ACTION - Alex to send out today

**Handbook feedback** - Luke got some good feedback from Carly. This will be  comitted into the Handbook later today

**Showcase** - hoping to run a showcase on 29th oct on last dat in SA
ACTION - Theone and Alex to draft some points and start planning

**Mental Health** - Yas to meet up with Vikki and Carly about this, we discussed in weds meeting but there is still more to do

**Sick leave guidance** - To be completed review and submitted by next Friday

## Discussion Items

Luke asked for guidance from this group for deciding on the next steps after D&I report - how to go about releasing it and actioning the recomendations

**ESG comittee** - As a part of becoming a public company, we need to think about ESG - environmental, social impacts and governance
Rory is on the comittee, and so is Helen acting as a non executive director, however the comittee needs more people from the business to be on the comittee for a diverse perspective
The plan is that the comittee will meet 3 times a year to be involved on the strategy. We need people for a couple of years in the business - this is a long term position
Carly asked for a mission statemen to Luke drafted ththe mission statement but it is still with lawyers at the moment and needs to be considered with Rory.
Carly also emphasised the need for research into how a group like this should operate, and ensure we have the right number of people 

Luke - We need business leaders in the position so they can be held accountable to the aims of the group, and also have the power to change what needs to be changed. It would also be good to have an open seat for someone who is not a leader in the business for accountability. We're looking at a mix of staff.

Carly - this falls into purview of people team's roles, we already need the governance and environmental usually falls in health and safety, so it might be needing more dialoguue with the people accountable for those things in their day-to-day roles.

Carly asked - How do they get a good sense of the business to allow them to drive outside of their own teams? Do we have groups like this D&I Service Area for environmental, societal and governance issues?
Luke - We don't have these things quite yet but there will be some comittees set up as a legal structure that sits around the Board. He's looked at lots of businesses and modeled our purpose on that
We are aware of a team Green Group with some plans / sway in environmental issues throughout the business
Yas to plug into this and see if we can support - they started their own group with little fanfare Kyle Jones set this up and would be a good point of contact. it is a formal group of how we can reduce our environmental impact as a business

Carly - Are there any independant/externally-maintained charters we could sign up to to show our commitment? she's done this in some retail places. It gives us a framework to work towards and helps hold ourselves to account
    - Luke is keen on Bcorp status - a charter designed to measure whether your company is a net boon for the environment of the planet. Carly agreed that this was worth exploring
    - Luke - We're already starting to use 3rd party rankings of how good we are to our employees as a business as a benchmark to keep uis honest and on the right track
    - Yas - we're also signed up to the tech talent charter - used to track diversity in the tech industry and we report to them regularly. Yas is the current leader, a responsible person in Made Tech for updates and news. Need to hand over when she's away next year - Carly or Vikki would be the best people for taking over this role. Yas has the benchmark data which they'll use to publish a report and send the latest update yesterday. Tech Talent Charter will send through some dataset results shortly.
    - ACTION - Yas to make this data available once it comes back
    Luke avoids benchmarking against the wider tech sector as we aim to outperform the average (which are historically not diverse), but it would be nice to have some data from previous years
            

**ESG comittee plan**
Carly - if this is about leadership and strategy, is it not up to the board?
Luke opened it up here so people can give suggestions, we can influence
Rory asked Luke for suggestions on who should be sitting on the ESG comittee, but he will need a think about it - the board will be holding this group and the business to account on D&I starategy going forward
The D&I Service Area will need to provide a long term strategy and goals to the board. We need to be forming a 3 year strategy with a 12 month plan that's actionable, measurable and attainable

Luke - just think about it now, we will come back to the topic in a few weeks. He wants empowered people who can lead teams and make structural changes
Alex asked how many people are looking to put on the comittee - Need input on this from Rory and Helen and the board

Alex gave some thoughts about her LGBT foundation trustee role, and the kind of people we should be considering for a long term role such as this
    - people who are truly passionate about the business and its goals
    - Needs to consist of all levels of staff - not just managers, but we need a view of what the business is like 'in the trenches'
    - This is a big commitment - sitting on the panel for 3 years is a long time. We need to choose who would perform this role carefully
    - Everyone needs to be heard in this comittee
    - Need to have a diverse variety of people but also you need to avoid personality conflicts

## D&I Report

Luke is redoing the recommendations of how to proceed at the end - need one major goal reduced from 3, all about organising the business' approach to getting more diversity in senior leadership and solidifying the career development programme for women and minorities to allow people to rise through the ranks
The biggest issue brought to light is the lack of women and PoC (People of Colour [*Alex note - I hope the reader does not find this an offensive or reductive term, I'm using it as shorthand to note how few non-white people are in leadership positions*]) in leadership positions. We need to maintain diversity, invest more in PoC in the academy to progress through to mid / senior tiers
The original recommendations were broken out into different paths, but we're trying to consolidate this into creating a strong career framework,  increase black representation in SFIA6 roles and above and increase gender diversity in Engineering. One unified recommendation would hopefully have the biggest impact
Luke thinks the D&I report should be twice a year, reporting in September and March - he loved writing it but it was very time consuming and he wants to get the business in a position where it can produce the D&I report itself.
Yas and luke have discussed the ethnicity pay gap. the Business Leader data is broken to gender identity and ethnicity meaning it might not be possible to accurately report on without identifying people given the small number of people at this level. Since one of our goals is to improve PoC in leadership, the Service Area members decided that a general ethnicity pay gap is an important data point. Carly and Alex think this is a good metric to have overall since it's a great benchmark to track our progress against one of our stated aims. Luke said it would be easy to get that cut of data, and he will take it forward as a suggestion from this group. Yas said that this would be good to see how it's changed in March - we could measure the impact this report has had if we include this data point

**Plan to release the D&I report**
Release to the team and comms plan - how will we distribute widely
Yas - maybe deadline should be next week Friday to finalise the report based on feedback from this group and the wider community and then distruibute to all colleagues

**D&I Report showcase**
Carly feels a showcase would be a good idea on Friday afternoon. For example, give the summary of the findings is a high level overview, and then talk about the main action. Emphasise it's an iterative process and  encourage staff to participate in future. Alex thinks we should take the opportunity to thank people for filling out endless surveys and stress why this is important
Carly mentioned that in 2 weeks from today (15th October) we're planning to showcase happiness survey results, perhaps the showcase on the D&I report should take precedence over the happiness report, and go on the 15th when the hap happiness showcase would otherwise be.
Luke agreed - D&I report is coming off the back of the IPO so it needs to follow in the next week or two, but let's not rush into doing it immediately. Having the extra time would be appreciated. Yas is off on the 15th, so she asked Carly to support with delivering the showcase.
Luke suggested Alex to also support this by taking a slide to talk over, and to ask Theone too if she'd be similarly amenable. Wouldf be good to get our faces out there a bit.
ACTION - book showcase in marketplace for 15th, get together at some point to plan the slides and who says which bit

**Next iteration of D&I report**
Looking to the future, March will be a really good time to do the next iteration of the D&I report as ONS data from the 2021 census will be available at that point, which is the first set that will include gender identity as a data point to help us see how we're doing on this front, as well as the fact that the previous census data we're using now is 10 years old and possible less relevant today.