# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 17/11/2020

## Attendees

- Michael McLean
- Chris Parsons
- Joe Roberts
- Chad Tomkiss
- Clare Sudbery

## Notes

### Noteworthy stories during the week

- Discussion about the Sainsbury's Christmas advert featuring a black family causing a lot of backlash on places like twitter.

### Service Area Catchup

- Bit of an insight into what would need to be covered in the presentation to create the D&I service area.
- Run through of the structure of the deck that's going to be presented.
- Thinking of some vague goals for 2 years from now.
- Focus needs to be on next quarter in terms of finer details.
- Hired two new talent team members, aim is to ask one of these people to champion the D&I service area as time allocation is an issue at the moment.

### Diversity and Inclusion Survey

- Analysis regarding the Diversity and Inclusion survey is upcoming.
- Looking at observations and trends.
- Sounds like Culture and Happiness wants to generate separate results from that survey.
  - Concerns that there is some crossover between Culture and Happiness and Diversity and Inclusion.

### Hiring of an exclusive D&I role

- Currently looking to hire a People manager, whose role would include D&I as a significant part.

### Being more pro-active with events throughout the year

- An exmaple was raised that it's Transgender Awareness Week this week and it's fallen on a staff member to individually post about it.
- We could liase with marketing about putting out a simple statement in support of these events going forwards.
- Images for a calendar are shown here as a starting point? <https://www.inclusiverecruiting.co.uk/2020-awareness-days-events-calendar/>

## Action Items

- Michael continuing to work on the service area presentation.
- Clare continuing to look into creating a sheet with events in D&I space that we may want someone to attend and feed back to the group.
- Joe to chat with Karsyn about building a calendar of events that we would want to post about. Specifically looking for something for Trans Awareness Week/Trans Rememberance this week.
- Chad to reach out to Jack in regards to the event space regarding inclusive events.
- Next meeting, set aside time to look ahead and see what events are coming up in December.
