# Meeting information

**Meeting Date**: 5/10/2020

Attendees
- Charlene, David W, Kyle, Min, Ninamma, Rory, Vikki, Will

Discussion items
- Black History Month
- Unconscious bias training
- Diversity and inclusion training
- Diversity and inclusion survey
- A diversity and inclusion statement/policy for Made Tech
- Should there be a service area covering diversity and inclusion?

**Black History Month**
- Charlene working with Renny to prep LT sessions/talks. Talked a little about the shape of these.
- Kyle to arrange a movie night ("Hidden Figures")
- Talked about inviting someone in to talk about Black History Month, felt it might be too late.
- Clare had an outstanding action about arranging a showcase - Charlene to talk to Clare to double-check we're not double-booking
- Ninamma looking at interview/blog post. Charlene offered to point people to Ninamma.

**Training on unconscious bias, and diversity and inclusion training**
- Free unconscious bias training that Charlene has found from her contacts
- There is some D&I training on LinkedIn learning
- Kyle had a worry about this not being effective; Charlene noted that this isn't a solution on its own, but the start of a programme that does have an impact
- We also talked about linking to communities and how that links back to recruitment 
- Charlene to share unconscious bias training to make those resources available
- Talked about whether D&I training should be mandatory or not (many advocating for yes)

**Diversity and inclusion survey**
- Min is working on a survey. Talked a bit about resources/other help for this
- Min offered to share the survey in-progress to help spot anything bad

**Diversity and inclusion policy**
- Jules is looking to get a final draft of a diversity policy completed, then into the handbook. Kyle to offer feedback from this group.
- Charlene mentioned there's [some examples of diversity statements from companies supporting Coding Black Females](https://codingblackfemales.com/companyprofile), which could be useful

**Diversity and inclusion as a service area**
- Discussed arguments for/against, concluded it's the right next step
- Noted the service area might be an unusual shape as it cuts across many areas, but that just means unique challenges, not that it's the wrong plan
- Discussed how we set up a service area. We need a directly-responsible-individual, who would that be? (that's an open question!)
- Will & Charlene taking an action away to draft a mission statement / objectives for this service area

**Actions**
- Charlene to talk to Clare about Black History Month talks/showcases
- Charlene to share training resources with Yas (+everyone?)
- Kyle to arrange a movie night ("Hidden Figures")
- Kyle to offer feedback from the #supply-inclusion channel to Jules' policy statement
- Min to share survey with the #supply-inclusion channel
- Ninamma to arrange interview/blog post for Black History Month (w/Charlene's help)
- Will to draft a mission statement / objectives for a service area (w/Charlene's help)
