# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 02/11/2020

## Attendees

- Will Gibson
- Charlene Hunter
- Michael McLean
- Chris Parsons
- Chad Tomkiss
- Ninamma Rai
- Bella Cockrell

### Michael's Presentation to C Level about D&I as a service area

- Prepped over the weekend. Looked through this as a group for feedback.
- Aim is to move this into its own service area and get budget/resources for this area.
- Discussion about whether the unconcious bias training is just a way for a company to cover themselves legally
  - Needs to be outcomes focussed to be effective? What can we do from that training to improve our processes, etc.
  - Examples given about anonymising things in the application process.
  - Resource shared about studies looking into unconcious bias training: <https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/making-people-aware-of-their-implicit-biases-doesnt-usually-change-minds-but-heres-what-does-work>

### Discussion of the D&I survey that was sent out this morning

- Raised that the ethnicity options aren't very comprehensive.
- Went with the off the shelf survey for cost/legal reasons.

## Concerns about marketing aspect

- Concerns about coming off as false to just post things like "We're doing unconcious bias training". Without the consistancy/focus on actions, could come off as disingenuous.

## Budget for D&I

- Where do we see money being needed for the D&I service area?
- Volunteer days?
  - There were previous discussions about volunteer days and making that a benefit. Positive noises, but nothing added to the handbook, etc.

## Hiring

- Talking about the diversity in our hiring panel. It's currently dominated with white men. A lot of pressure on the lead women to be involved in interviews to keep some level of diversity (even when the workload is overwhelming)
- A lot of the interviewees coming through the engineer pipeline have been white men which suggests issues with the pipeline as well.
- Discussions about reporting on the diversity coming through the pipeline, but how do you capture that information in a safe way?

## Action Items

- Michael to present to Rory on Friday
