# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 13/07/2020

**Meeting Purpose:** Catch up/chat

## Attendees

- Joe
- Charlene
- Kyle
- Chris P

## Discussion Items

- Concerns over the questionnaire/census from a data proctection and protected characteristics standpoint.
  - Joe to speak to Tito about how to be compliant/ find good resources for this.
- Discussed how to support specific groups under the diversity umbrella?
  - Where we don't have the numbers internally, can we look to reach out to existing groups? Build relationships with these groups and support them, rather than attempting to enter the space blindly?
- Questions over how to prioritise diversity work led to agreement that the census data will be a major factor in driving this decision.
- Look to share what we're doing more widely within the organisation to avoid people feeling dictated to, and more involved in the conversation.
