# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 29/10/2020

## Attendees

- Will Gibson
- Kyle Chapman
- Joe Roberts
- Chris Parsons
- Ninamma Rai
- Chad Tomkiss
- Charlene Hunter
- Michael McLean


## Discussion Items (walking the [board](https://trello.com/b/tjS0D0Jd))

### Equality, Diversity & Inclusion policy

- There's a [PR](https://github.com/madetech/handbook/pull/405) to add the policy to the handbook üéâ
- This is a big step towards doing a questionnaire/survey around diversity
- Discussed the purpose/intent of the policy - both internally and externally


### Academy D&I workshop

- Ninamma ran the workshop yesterday (28th) and it seemed to go well! Got some positive feedback üíï
- Plan is to shape the workshop into something that could be run for wider Made Tech

### D&I as potential service area

- Michael booked in some time with Rory next Friday
- We want to keep the momentum going and try and get more time and resources for D&I ASAP
- Michael will flesh out a presentation, which we will go through in the next D&I meeting on Monday - we'll also have the rest of the week to review it
- We're not 100% sure on the numbers for a budget at the moment
    - We could look at planning on a 3 month basis and not a whole year 
    - Might be able to get some approximate numbers from Michael's chat with a D&I consultant and the Coding Black Female's partnership pack from Charlene
    

### First Black History Month showcase

- Was really great! üéâ
- Charlene suggested encouraging others around the company to do similar showcases to share their backgrounds
- Discussed this being encouraged during onboarding so new joiners could share a bit about themselves with everyone!


### Talking to Culture & Happiness Service Area

- Will and Chad are now pretty involved with Culture & Happiness!
- Was a lot faster to get things done when you have more than 1 hour a week to work on them

### Black History Month Blog post

- On the way - will hopefully go up next week!
- Renny gave really great feedback on the initial questions üôè so we've changed them up slightly
- Will receive responses hopefully by the end of this week
- Then Ninamma will compile it into a blog post - Laura has offered to proofread/check it üôè 

### Gathering questions for approaching external communities/orgs

- Charlene shared a [list](https://trello.com/c/bGu5aI6Y) of questions that she/Coding Black Females receives - we could base our questions on these
- Jack might be working on similar things - would be good to align with him
- Discussed benefits of having these partnerships
    - Supporting external communities, especially since they are usually run by volunteers
    - Will help us with recruitment and retention
    - Having employees working with external people, mentoring, running workshops etc. helps develop skills
    - Would be best to sponsor organisations, since ones who are happy to have free partnerships tend to be in early stages and not confident enough to ask for financial support
- ***Decided to park this***
    - So we can prioritise working towards creating a D&I Service Area

### Possibility of having budget/plans for "corporate responsibility"

- Might be something to discuss with Culture and Happiness or People team
- Some companies will have ties with charities and have events with them

### Raising awareness internally

- Would be good to raise awareness about D&I and the working group
- Joe is planning to do a showcase near the end of November
- Want to talk about goals, what we're about, what we've done and maybe get more people to join
- The message of showcase might change depending on the outcome of Michael's meeting with Rory next week


## Action Items

- Michael to put together some slides on making D&I working group a Service Area