# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** :jack_o_lantern: 01/10/2020 :ghost:

## Attendees

- Chad
- Ninamma
- Kyle
- Clare

## Discussion Items

### General
Worries around doing things for D&I not being genuine/just for marketing
  - Totally valid, but we don't want that to block positive actions

There is work being done that helps D&I, but it's not shouted about, because it might not feel right to do so
  - If you don't know then it can feel like nothing is being done
  - This was one of the reasons to have this working group, so we can know what is being done around the company

Rory could attend some of our sessions?
  - Would be great!
  - Could rotate with other members of leadership to attend once a month or so?
  - He might join us next week

We've made senior hires from underrepresented backgrounds, but it might not feel right to shine the spotlight on them
  - Could be good to have a conversation with the person about that
  - Some people are more than happy to celebrate and talk about their backgrounds

Groups from underrepresented backgrounds aren't monoliths! There's diversity within those groups.

### Having a D&I service area
- People have mixed feelings about this
- Would allow us to have dedicated time and money to work on this, which might help with attendance in meetings
- Service areas tend to need clear outputs - would that be possible with D&I? Could base them on numbers

### Hiring people to help with D&I
- Unsure about hiring temporary people/consultants - would that result in long-lasting change?
  - We don't just want someone to run a couple training sessions as we're not sure if that's really impactful
  - At the same time, they might have the experience to help us - since none of us feel like we have a lot of experience in this field
- Could hiring someone in a role e.g. Head of D&I be an option?

### Black History Month
We don't want the onus to be on Black colleagues to raise awareness, and we also don't want this to be _just an October_ thing

Charlene mentioned some great ideas in the channel about what we could do
- Move night! :movie_camera:
- Showcase
- Interviewing Black colleagues - maybe publishing it in a blog post
    - _What advice do you have for Black people who are in/ want to get into tech_?
- Compiling a list of resources for people to read about Black history

## Action items
- Kyle to look into organising a movie night
- Clare to help put together a showcase
- Chad to research what other companies are doing for BHM and start compiling resources
- Ninamma to look into interview/blogpost