# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 20/07/2020

**Meeting Purpose:** Catch up/chat

## Attendees

- Charlene
- Ninamma
- Chris P

## Discussion Items

- A lot of our work still seems to be dependant upon the completion of the questionaire.
  - Do we need proper outside help to manage this?
- Need to look to identify what service areas need to be involved for areas that we've identified we need to work on.
- Reviewing the questionaire, can we split the sections out to make things more anonymous?
- New trello board created to manage tasks in a more consistant manner: <https://trello.com/b/tjS0D0Jd/diversity-and-inclusion>

## Action Items

- Add more groups to the [Community x Diversity Matrix](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Znx5XDpvQQF9MNH5ZMV8NxvzoKIkxNnmuAiTiDXW8K8/edit?usp=drive_web&ouid=101204190248969595154)
  - This will allow us to see organisations we could reach out to for resources for various different groups.
