# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 10/11/2020

## Attendees

- Will Gibson
- Charlene Hunter
- Michael McLean
- Chris Parsons
- Kyle Chapman
- Ninamma Rai
- Vikki Gill
- Joe Roberts
- Clare Sudbery
- Yasemin Furlonger

## Notes

### Discussion of "Disability Confident" badge

- Concerns regarding the badge considering the accessibility of the London office.
- Receiving it is based upon being able to employ someone who is disabled.
- Not necessarily linked to physical disability, also looking at mental disability.
- Discussions about spinning up a co-op work space in the instance that we hire somebody with a disability that prevents access to the London office.

### Setting up the D&I Service Area

- Taking learnings from how Culture and Happiness were set up.
  - They have a rota of people that are working on that that have time carved out of their week to work on it exclusively.
  - Vikki, Yas and Min constant members, 2 people rota'd.
  - Could have that rota for core responsibilities but continue the weekly meeting to allow that work to be shared out.
  - Is there the engagement for a rota to work?
  - They schedule out blocks of times (e.g. 3 days) rather than a few hours per week to get work done. (People agreed that this is much more effective in terms of productivity)
- Mentions of concerns about a centralised structure and lack of consistency in attendance which is preventing action and accountability, which is causing people to not attend; a bit of a vicious circle.
- Budget? Reaching out to external communites, events, training (specialists, etc.), technology to help our processes/anonymisation, etc.
  - Time to do some research into what costs for these various areas might be to put together the initial budget.
  - Biggest cost is likely to be unbilled hours for people.

### Budget

- Discussion of what areas should the priority focus
  - Unconcious bias training with a focus on recruitment and line management? (Focus on outcomes over the process as mentioned last meeting)
- How do we quantify success from the monetary investment?
- Some bids require diverse teams. Can look to report back the amount that we haven't gone for as a result of not meeting that requirement.
- Stonewall mentioned as an organisation we could partner with?

## Action Items

- Michael to work on presentation with structure and budget for D&I Service Area to be created
- Clare to create a sheet with events in D&I space that we may want someone to attend and feed back to the group
