# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 24/08/2020

**Meeting Purpose:** Catch up/chat

## Attendees

- Kyle
- Charlene
- Chris
- Ninamma
- Will

## Discussion Items

### Questionnaire

- Discussion to be had with supply & happiness service area as they've been involved in company happiness surveys before now.
- They may also be more equipped for the legal side also.

### Add more groups to Community x Diversity matrix

- Discussion about what this document is. Agreed as a knowledge base of external organisations that represent minority groups.
- To get more organisations listed for groups which we have less information on, splitting this out for individuals to own minorty groups.
- Some additional areas were added to the matrix based on some missing legally protected characteristics.

### Identify Service Areas to take on D&I tasks

- Discussions around which service areas we feel have the biggest impact on D&I.
- Kyle already planning to speak to Yas for Supply & Happiness
- Other areas that have been identified as high importance:
  - Employer Branding/Events
  - Hiring

### Future meetings

- Next week is a bank holiday, so the next meeting will be 07/09/2020
- Discussions about rotating the day the meeting is on. A poll is to be posted into slack to gauge interest in this format.

## Action Items

- Kyle - to speak to Yas regarding the questionnaire/Supply & Happiness influence with D&I

- Add more groups to the [Community x Diversity Matrix](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Znx5XDpvQQF9MNH5ZMV8NxvzoKIkxNnmuAiTiDXW8K8/edit?usp=drive_web&ouid=101204190248969595154)
  - Ninamma - BAME groups that aren't Black-specific
  - Charlene - Carers
  - Will - Neurodiversity
  - Kyle - Religion
  - Chris - Socioeconomic background
