# Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 21/01/2021

## Attendees

- Michael McLean
- Chris Parsons
- Meesh Pallo
- Jessica Button
- Charlene Hunter

## Notes

### Summary of D&I meetings

- Michael gave a run through of what we've been doing and the history of these D&I meetings in terms of availability of people on and off projects to Meesh.

### Hiring

- So busy, difficult to reflect on learnings.
- Currently Manchester is the strongest split in terms of gender with the hiring pipeline.
- Discussion of textio as an option to help make job descriptions be more inclusive
  - Concerns that it gamifies the writing of these job postings.
- Are there metrics for diversity in the pipeline?
  - Concern of introducing bad behaviours to meet metrics rather than resolving the underlying issues.
- Coding Black Females, Tech Returners collaborations (majority women populations)
- Stronger levels of diversity coming from the academy as opposed to the more senior pipelines. Is there anything we can learn from one over the other?
  - We are actively pushing the academy in diverse spaces, particular in women and poc focussed areas.
- Using a different recruitment firm (e.g. Workable) that has better diversity stats?
  - Blind CVS?
    - Hiding age, education background, things that could identify age or gender, etc.

## Action Items

- Meesh and Joe to be having a meeting on how to share the stats from the D&I survey.
- Clare continuing to look into creating a sheet with events in D&I space that we may want someone to attend and feed back to the group.
- Michael and Charlene to work together on promotion materials for Coding Black Females hiring and a fee
- Chris to update the minutes
- Meesh and Jessica to discuss the D&I policy handbook page on what needs updating
- Michael to start a thread in D&I channel to discuss question of how to get women into our interview process internally
- Michael to add Equal Opportunities statement on job roles
